# BS-Odin
This is a game that I wanted to make because I wanted to learn multiplayer. And one such game that I played in my childhood was "Brawl Stars" by Supercell.
Welp multiplayer is hard and I've put a lot of work diving head first into it.

idk where this is going forward, but I've already moved away from a "brawl stars clone" mentality and want to make it a unique game. I still have to come up with a theme tho...

I will probably change the name of this game. This is such a lazy ass name.

Features:
- [ ] Terrain Generation
    - [x] Simple Terrain generation and rendering
    - [ ] Other stuff like trees and shit
    - [ ] Terrain seed and other stuff is randomly generated by the server
- [ ] Multiplayer 
    - [x] Simple multiplayer
    - [ ] Client-Side Prediction and Server Reconciliation (This is hard)
- [ ] Character
    - [x] Character controller
        - [x] Keyboard inputs
        - [ ] Mouse inputs
    - [ ] Procedural Animations
- [ ] Offline mode
    - Offline mode is important, because I am lazy and I probably have my server messed up. And the ENet library I use for networking won't work in WASM that I plan to support.

### AI Usage
I've used AI to find myself topics that may help solve particular solution. AI didn't write any code.

Example: 
> I: "The FPS and Frame Time fluctuate a lot, I want to calculate avg FPS/Frame Time of my game, but only for the last 20-30 frames...I don't want to create an circular buffer to do it...too much memory, there must be some mathematical formula right?"

> AI responds with a big text. I read the headings and find "Moving average". I open it up in wiki, read the page, try to understand the derivation. Later I found "Exponential Moving average" and then implement it in my game since it felt like the perfect solution to my problem

